I have some little housekeeping to do
this is something as you who work in an
office might be able to relate to but I
don't know that you can we have a writer
on our shows name's Gary and we love
Gary but Gary has a problem and as a
result we have a problem the problem is
his office is a mess and when I say it's
a mess you have no idea you will you'll
have an idea soon but Gary collects crap
he buys all manner of nonsense on eBay
stuff that he thinks is funny and his
wife won't let him bring it home anymore
so he keeps it here so we get stuck with
it and I decided that enough was enough
it's been going on for I don't know like
12 years so I decided it was time to
surprise Gary and maybe to get him some
professional help
[Music]
Jimmy reached out to me he said one of
his employees is having a hard time to
let him go with stuff so he asked me to
come by and offer some help so I know
you've been in a lot of houses have you
ever been in someone's office we have
never successfully cleaned a hoarded
office see the thing is this is not
Gary's house it's my house well let's
clean your house okay let's go clean my
house he's he's not gonna like this they
never do
Carrie hey hey I want you to meet
somebody
don't care where you're from map accent
I'm from the TV show hoarders and ask to
come clean I'm not a hoarder is that
what they usually see yeah and the
answer is if I'm in your office then you
are a hoarder okay what a water collects
things or just just collects
compulsively everything I call a has
like sentimental value
telling the host of hoarders the
definition of orderly wrote a textbook
on a definition of order yeah when Jimmy
said he was from hoarders like oh three
years ago Gary asked to have a couch in
his office so he can have meetings and
he immediately covered the couch with
all this junk if he has a meeting in
here people have to either sit on a
giant duck or I know there's a ladder
over the people who sit on the dock
sometimes people sit in the duck hunters
would drag this out into the field get
inside of it and make a duck call
through these little holes I always say
that there's nothing that's gonna
surprise me when I enter a home but I
immediately saw a five-foot duck in the
middle of a 10-foot office yeah right so
what are you hunting here at the office
I'm not but but I had to have it I do
not have a problem I do not have a
hoarding problem I know there are
hoarders I've seen what a hoarder is
I've seen they have magazines they have
crap they have newspapers their house
has like rats and stuff like that that
is not me I have good funny weird items
that you cannot find anyplace that is
not hoarding that is collecting why
don't you take pictures of all this crap
you have and then you can have the
pictures and we get rid of all the stuff
you can look at any going all remember
that giant stuffed rabbi I had for no
reason on account
I have another one at home believe it or
not you have another giant rabbi at home
I do it better be your uncle I could
clear out most of this vid by clearing
out you're not you're not throwing away
no some things are gonna happen about
Dhoni about donate charity okay okay
okay let's fill the duck that's my goal
if we fill the dock we'll leave
oh that's a great so let's fill the dock
all right the daddy saddle this is the
baddies how old your daughter Gary never
gonna get on the daddy so so this would
be a good thing what is this thing right
here oh no this is great
this is great what is it it's a tie
pressed how often you wear tie here to
work no I don't you go like this and
then when you finish with it just count
to three okay one two three
you know okay well this okay this doll
is amazing because it's got three faces
happy sleepy and drunk no I used to sell
shoes so nice yes but I don't have a
Brannock Device I know what that is you
guys you don't need that
[Applause]
airplanes there used to be font this is
an airplane phone oh that's no there's
hundreds of them no they're not I took
that even like two weeks ago there was
none why are you looking for more of
those two because I don't know what is
this this is a book called the mystery
of the clown okay I'm gonna what
is this okay if you're in the backseat
of a car with your brother or sister
it's a divider so you won't beat each
other up this guy really no although his
humor is how he makes a living it's a
little out there this is what is my
submarine survival suit if you get
trapped in a submarine no no this is
good this is good no this is really more
like it's one of those things you pull
out in there everybody goes like oh
right yeah yeah all right I think it's
full no it's not even close to full okay
well here's here's some records for you
Don Paulin a white guy sing songs at
minorities viva la crepes self-hypnosis
from dental anesthesia anybody can be
cool but awesome takes practice oh yeah
you need that too yeah Barb's prongs
points prickers and stickers a complete
and illustrated catalog of antique
barbed wire
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Applause]
is that Thai press a hoarding thing is
that doll that has three different faces
or anything no they're all unique things
they're fun things people love them they
make people laugh so I'm not a hoarder I
refuse to believe I'm a hoarder my wife
thinks I'm a hoarder
almost full I would actually even say he
could pick one item not the duck one
item out oh really
not the rabbi not the duck you can pick
one item out of there to bring back
because he's done such a good job I did
really good okay you're the expert go
ahead okay which item you want to keep
they keep in the I think I'm gonna keep
my suit oh really this still works I
can't take the duck no yeah they'd the
duck
[Music]
collection is meant to bring joy to
other people now my office just looks
like everybody else's office is that
what we're trying to do create like a
drone factory of everybody looking
exactly the same get there be any
diversity in terms of that you have in
your office you know there is a silver
lining if I thought about it even though
I'm losing this stuff at least it's
getting on TV and the world gets to see
it one last time and though I may have
lost my spirit I didn't lose my second
Brannock Device this piece of plastic
my god
[Applause]
LC don't encourage him congratulations
on making it to the end of the YouTube
video why not celebrate by clicking the
subscribe button you earned it